
please create an image that emphasize simplicity and a return to nature in all of our content. 
for this, let's actually have some meaningful-looking graphs, 
haphazardly strewn into the scene.. 
one one of them -- make it clear that the x-axis shows 8 billion, and the y shows 330 billion.. 
that graph shuld represent income distributions.. 
can your images be that dynamic ?

please add a meaningful image, relevant to the words

Start something similar to the 80s' "I want my MTV" .. "I want my Terran Astral Parks" .. 
I don't care how much money you have in the bank.. If you want to pay with money, or pay through work .. these parks are for you!
This can't just be a place for "customers" -- the parks & the infrastructure will hopefully grow to a point of needing many of you to want to come and work -- Dude Ranch Style! 
More on that, next … 

please create a meaningful image, relevant to the words "Humanity could well be at death’s door
We are all still clobbering one another – business as usual
I believe we are coming into a time that’s anything but
".. emphasis on climate, if possible; a combination of smokestakcs on one 3rd, powerful weather events in a 3rd, and the raging fires in a 3rd?

2024.02.07.. still, nobody has noticed
(still no sign of my own courage, honestly)

day 7657,213,6756,6756745,6784785678.. still, nobody has noticed our campaign
(still no sign of my own bravery & courage, honestly)
in this image - if possible - make it look like a stuffed animal lion, with a bit of a worried look 

aerial view of a mountain at sunset
in the sky; the milky way is visible on one side, with a vanishing red of sunset on the other
in the background there's a mountain range 
the whole thing should have the appearance of being what you'd see from the deck of the blimp, but with only the subtest indications of that along the outer edges

a skyscraper - except it's in the middle of the ocean, no other buildings around
it goes into space.. to accomplish this; each level is wider and wider, requiring a greater number of balloons to hoist that level
the top reaches into space.. to accomadate that in terms of perspective; each individual level will seem small 

